Lord Xu, Young Master Xu's arms are well knotted
But due to severe damage to the nervous system
I'm afraid it will be difficult to recover
Go down
Dad won't take revenge
I'm not reconciled
Shaode
Although this person is an impostor
But the strength is unfathomable
The matter of revenge requires a long-term plan
Ah, father, fool
The Lord of Gods has seen his own master with death
Are you scared by a counterfeit?
This is Dahuan Dan
Bestowed by the Lord
Not only can you increase your skills
It can also raise the flesh and bones of the dead
Dad ok
That's it.
Thank you grandpa thank you father
Three days later, the Lord God announced the word seal and went to
This is an honor that even the Ming Master has not received
Mingzhu is very angry
We must not let this fake Lord God be successfully sealed
Please also ask your father to make it clear
You are in charge of the two
Three days later, continue to expose the identity of the false god master
The Beast Peak Emperor must not be allowed to proceed smoothly
But grandpa
The false god holds the Jinghong sword in his hand
What should we do?
Abide by the rule of law of grandfather
Ah, this is the Lord God
So mighty, Lord God is Lord God
So domineering!
Yes, yes, yes.
Lord God is so majestic